# A quantitative framework for tecnology Road-mapping

This repository contains all the code and data used in the master thesis titled:

** A quantitative framework for tecnology Road-mapping **
* A game theoretic approach for technolgy planning, applied in a military setting *

Authors: Isak Berntsson, Lukas Peterson
written in collaboration with SAAB technologies and Linköping University

The main script is called "main"
This is where the Game-class is defined and the parameters of the full simulation can be found.

analysis.ipynb contains all code used to genereate plots and other insights into the results of the simulation

classes/History.py is class used for storing and saving data generated by the simulation

It is also possible to locally store intermediate results, making it possible to start, stop and continue from from where the simulation was interrupted.
This is controlled by a parameter to the main script

A simple profiler can be found in the "diverse"-directory
the results shows the lion share of time spent on computations lies with the numerical approximation of the hessian matrix over the whole model. 
Optimizing these calculations could drastically speed up simulation

the directory config_fieles contains the parameters relationg to current technology readiness levels, the parameter convesrion matrix and the parameters for the sotchasticity in technology reasearch progress. The first two being the results of  a survey conducted, the results of wich can be found in the same directory. The technology research data  and analysis can be found in the citation_analysis directory.

requirements.txt lists the python libraries needed to execute the code. A gpu-compatible version of pytorch is needed, it can be downloaded from the pytorch-website. *gpu was found to be slower, we were not able to run several instances of LSS on the same gpu, and thus lost parallelization *











